So, let's have a look
at Content Filtering in EventBridge.
So it's good to open this documentation page,
just Google it, and then you will have access
to how we can filter events in EventBridge.
And filtering events can be very helpful in EventBridge
because you may want to only react
to specific kind of events
and not everything that is provided within a specific rule.
So the kind of filter we can do is Prefix matching
and Suffix matching.
Anything but matching we can do Numeric matching.
IP address matching, Exist matching,
and then Equals-ignore-case matching,
and then some complex examples.
So let's go through an exercise
of understanding how it works.
So let's create a rule, I'll call this DemoS3Matching.
And we want to have a look at this rule,
and this rule is going to be for AWS events.
And the event type is going to be S3 Object Created.
So this is the kind event we have,
it's a pretty complex event.
It has, the detail type is Object Created,
the source is AWS S3, we have the account number,
we have the time, the region, the resources,
the detail, and so on.
So the name of the bucket, the key, and so on.
So, it gets, you know, and the source IP address.
So quite a lot of things to be honest.
So let's have a look at what we can do.
So, we can have a Creation method of Use pattern form,
and again, we have to respecify S3.
So let's specify S3.
And the event type is, again, Object-Level API,
no All Events.
And we can start to filter right here.
So, let's say we want to match this specific event,
Object Created, but as you can see,
it was not in the dropdown here.
So what we can do is modify the events pattern.
And this event pattern we'll modify,
will help us actually build matching
for these kind of events.
So let's go into Edit pattern.
And here we can edit the pattern in JSON form.
So we want the source to be AWS S3
and we want the type of object to be Object Created.
So here, I'm going to include detail type, Object Created.
And this ensures from my event pattern
that I have an exact match on the source being S3
and the detail type being Object Created, okay?
So this is super important
because well, this is exact matching,
but you can do more than that for filtering.
Let's say for example, we wanted to have a specific bucket.
Well to do so, you would look at the detail,
and on the detail there's bucket,
and under bucket there is names.
So, let's copy all of this and paste it.
And I'm going to just have the proper syntax.
Here we go.
And now we can see that we can match on detail.
Bucket name being mybucket.
And this works great.
But let's say for example,
you wanted to match for a prefix of buckets,
not just my bucket,
but anything that starts with mybuckets.
What you can do is that you enter a new line,
you have prefix matching and you insert.
And, in here it says the way to do it,
so you have the same documentation
and you have an example right here.
So you replace String by name and prefix being mybuckets.
So now, we have a condition, it's a little bit more complex,
but now the condition is saying,
Hey I want you to match the buckets,
whose name has the prefixed, mybuckets.
And this is very helpful
because now we match many more events.
You can have suffix matching.
So for example, you can look at the file name
and you want it to end with .png
because we only want the .png files in this event.
So where is the object key?
Well the object key is right here,
so we have detailed object and key.
So I'm going to copy this.
I'm actually going to write it, it's gonna be easier, so.
Object. Okay, and we enter a new right here.
We have to add a comma right here. Okay.
And then the key we're looking for is key, I believe.
Yeah it is. And then we want it to be a suffix.
So we'll have it like this.
Paste this in and boom. We have suffix .png.
So now we'll match all the buckets
that start with mybuckets
and all the keys that start with, that end with .png.
And all the things you find on commission,
you can also find right here.
So, you can have anything, but,
so you match all the values but initializing, for example.
You can have numeric matching.
So you can have a look at numeric values
and say, are they greater than zero or less than five,
and so on.
And again, all these kind of things
can be just inserted right here,
and you can construct it as well as you want.
Okay. And then you have IP address matching.
So we have an IP address in here, source IP address.
So we could definitely match on it.
And we can say detail sourceIPaddress equals this,
and we just need to make sure we name it correctly,
so detail, and then we name this sourceIPaddress correctly.
So sourceIPaddress like this.
And we have a cidr.
We have exist to make sure that a specific key exists
in case our application is expecting, for example,
size to be always there, then we need to,
we can make sure that size is always here
using the exist type of matching and so on.
And the reason I'm showing you this is that
it's important for you to understand
how to construct an event pattern,
not just use the basic ones that EventBridge gives you.
But to know that you have
a very advanced filtering capabilities included in this.
And then of course, thanks to this event pattern,
only events matching these conditions
will be matched and sent to my targets.
Alright, that's it for this lecture.
I hope you liked it.
And I will see you in the next lecture.